README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Tip calculator app solution

This is a solution to the [Tip calculator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/tip-calculator-app-ugJNGbJUX). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

<div float="left">
  <img src="./challenge/design/mobile-design.jpg" width="21%" />
  <img src="./challenge/design/desktop-preview.jpg" width="70%" />
</div>

### Links

- Solution URL: [Frontend mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-challenge-cf5NZ7vB9k)
- Live Site URL: [Online Demo](https://tip-calculator-challenge-8899-eoqc6g65b-geminii.vercel.app/)

## What is inside?

This project uses many tools like:

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io)
- [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com)
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io)

## Getting Started

### Install

Install dependencies.

```bash
pnpm install
```

Serve with hot reload at <http://localhost:5173>.

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

### Lint

```bash
pnpm run lint
```

### Typecheck

```bash
pnpm run typecheck
```

### Build

```bash
pnpm run build
```

### Test

```bash
pnpm run test
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

doc: add author & acknowledgments section

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Tip calculator app solution

This is a solution to the [Tip calculator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/tip-calculator-app-ugJNGbJUX). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

<div float="left">
  <img src="./challenge/design/mobile-design.jpg" width="21%" />
  <img src="./challenge/design/desktop-preview.jpg" width="70%" />
</div>

### Links

- Solution URL: [Frontend mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-challenge-cf5NZ7vB9k)
- Live Site URL: [Online Demo](https://tip-calculator-challenge-8899-eoqc6g65b-geminii.vercel.app/)

## What is inside?

This project uses many tools like:

- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io)
- [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com)
- [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io)

## Getting Started

### Install

Install dependencies.

```bash
pnpm install
```

Serve with hot reload at <http://localhost:5173>.

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

### Lint

```bash
pnpm run lint
```

### Typecheck

```bash
pnpm run typecheck
```

### Build

```bash
pnpm run build
```

### Test

```bash
pnpm run test
```

## Author

- Github - [Geminii](https://github.com/Geminii)
- Dev.to - [Geminii](https://dev.to/geminii)
- Frontend Mentor - [@Geminii](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Geminii)

## Acknowledgments

Thanks Frontendmentor for this really cool challenge ❤️

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
